Qin Feng is a good trick.
A few words could make the Li sisters vomit blood in anger.
You want to try it?
Don t call yourself a big brother, you really think of yourself as a character.
You're lucky to make them angry.
You are not qualified to carry out the Qin family.
I, the eldest son of Qin, have no qualifications.
Your poor bastard is eligible.
You.
Young master, this is not an ancient society.
To inherit the family value is ability.
The Second Young Master's ability is much better than yours.
The Second Young Master's ability was obvious to everyone.
So the second heir asked for his opinion.
Yes, only under the leadership of the second young master could the Tien family move forward.
See that?
This is called expectation.
Expecting
Second Young Master vs. Great Young Master
Don't even carry it.
Please meet him.
Second young master, you bastard.
You dare scold my people, do you want to die?
Qin Feng don't be pleased
Today is the live streaming conference.
I see one of your hosts didn't have you at the conference.
Who says I don't have a live streaming host?